arista-switch-pack (#26554)
demisto/content: Packs/AristaSwitch/README.md

Follow these steps to configure forwarding of event logs from an Arista switch to an XSIAM Syslog Broker VM via UDP:
1. Connect to the switch CLI (Command Line Interface). 
2. Type "**enable**" (or "**en**") to enter the _Privileged EXEC_ command mode, followed by the password if prompted. 
3. Type "**configure**" (or "**config**") to enter the _Global Configuration_ command mode. 
4. Type "**logging host** **_\<IP\>_** **_\<Port\>_**" where _\<IP\>_ and _\<Port\>_ are the corresponding IP address and port of the [XSIAM Syslog Broker VM](#broker-vm). 
5. Type "**write**" (or "**running-config startup-config**" to commit the updated configuration settings to the _start-up configuration_ file. 
6. Type "**exit**" to exit the _Global Configuration_ command mode and return back to the _Privileged EXEC_ command mode. 
7. Type "**exit**" again to terminate the session. 

Bellow is an example execution of the commands above: 
```bash
   switch> enable
   Password:
   switch# configure
   switch(config)# logging host 192.168.0.10 514
   switch(config)# write
   switch(config)# exit
   switch# exit
```

Remarks: 

> - By default, the "_**logging host**_" command described above configures the Syslog forwarding over UDP. If you wish to forward the event logs via a secure channel over TCP, check out the documentation in the following links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the _**logging host**_ command described above configures the Syslog forwarding over UDP. If you wish to forward the event logs via a secure channel over TCP, refer to the documentation in the following links:
```

  - [Syslog with TLS Support](https://www.arista.com/en/um-eos/eos-control-plane-security#xx1117976). 

>   - [Logging - Basic Syslog and Beyond](https://arista.my.site.com/AristaCommunity/s/article/logging-basic-syslog-and-beyond) (see the "_Secure Syslog Transmission_" section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Logging - Basic Syslog and Beyond](https://arista.my.site.com/AristaCommunity/s/article/logging-basic-syslog-and-beyond) (see the _Secure Syslog Transmission_ section).
```

- You may wish to customize the logging level to filter events from a certain level and/or facility. See [_Understanding Logging Levels_](https://arista.my.site.com/AristaCommunity/s/article/understanding-logging-levels) for additional details.

> - By default, the timestamps in the generated event logs are specified in the traditional [RFC3164](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3164.txt) syslog format, which does not include a year and a timezone. It is recommended you override this default setting and configure the switch to forward the Syslog messages in [RFC5424](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5424) format, which specifies a high-resolution [RFC3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamp which does include a year and a timezone. This configuration could be done from the _Global Configuration_ command mode via the "_**logging format**_" command. See [Syslog Logging Format](https://www.arista.com/en/um-eos/eos-switch-administration-commands#xx1268462) for additional details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the timestamps in the generated event logs are specified in the traditional [RFC3164](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3164.txt) syslog format, which does not include a year and a timezone. It is recommended you override this default setting and configure the switch to forward the Syslog messages in [RFC5424](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5424) format, which specifies a high-resolution [RFC3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamp which does include a year and a timezone. This configuration could be done from the _Global Configuration_ command mode via the _**logging format**_ command. See [Syslog Logging Format](https://www.arista.com/en/um-eos/eos-switch-administration-commands#xx1268462) for additional details. 
```

> - This configuration guide was brief and basic. For the full documentation, be sure to check the latest Arista Configuration Guide for your switch version. In addition, you may find the following links useful: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The configuration described above was brief and basic. For the full documentation, be sure to see the latest Arista Configuration Guide for your switch version. In addition, you may find the following links useful: 
```
